[gasps]
[roars]
[chuckles]
[NATSU]
Hey!
Hm?
Is anybody there?
[yelps]
[screams]
[NATSU]
Not the answer I was hoping for!
[screams]
Think, Natsu.
Ya need some power!
Aw, yeah!
[yells]
[chuckles]
All right, ya ugly
feather brain!
It was over from the moment
you put this wizard
in your little cage.
Ya messed up.
And now I'm gonna show ya
the power of Fairy Tail!
Uh.
Who goes there?
[SOLDIER B]
This shrine is under the control
of the Kingdom of Fiore!
[SOLDIER A]
Stop right where you are!
[SOLDIER B]
Don't get any closer!
Do you really
expect me to believe
that Fiore's biggest
secret is being protected
by a bunch of glorified
security guards?
I see.
Fiore's elite White Tiger
force is here as well.
Now that's more like it!
So who among you woke up hungry
for a fight this morning?
You've got guts, girl.
Zash Caine. Betrayer
of the Fiore Kingdom.
That's one way to look at it,
but I think it betrayed me.
After all, we're talking
about a kingdom
that rewards its best fighters
by hiding them away
in the frozen tundra.
Quite unfortunate for you.
But what's far more unfortunate
than your station...
[ZASH]
...is that now,
you have to look into the
eyes of death himself!
[WHITE TIGER A]
Hm?
[WHITE TIGER A yells]
[WHITE TIGER B]
Captain! What're you doing?
[chuckles]
[WHITE TIGER I]
What's happening?
Why are we fighting each other?
[WHITE TIGER I screams]
[gasps]
[chuckles]
All that we had to do
was get past them.
There was no need for this
many lives to be taken.
But this was more entertaining.
I love to see "comrades" tear
each other apart like that.
[ZASH]
Now, Lady Sonya,
will you kindly lead us to
the reason we've come here?
Has your heart gone deaf
to the sound of human souls
crying out in agony?
Their wails are no match for the
thunder of my rumbling belly.
[HAPPY] Please!
You gotta help me, Natsu!
What's up?
[DOG barking]
That dog's lookin' at me like
I'm gonna be it's next meal.
It's scarin' me.
[growls]
[DOG yelps]
Ah!
Wow, thanks a bunch, old buddy!
Yeah, I'm always down
to keep you off a menu.
[BOTH laughing]
Jerks! I can't believe you guys!
How could you terrorize
that poor little puppy?
Oh, don't be so dramatic.
All I did was look at the thing.
[LUCY gasps]
I didn't know you were
afraid of dogs, Happy.
Plue's a dog.
Are you scared of him?
[HAPPY]
Ha!
Are you kidding me?
He's not a real dog, anyway.
[NATSU]
Hmm...
I always thought he was some
kinda weird-lookin' bug.
And sometimes when
I'm super hungry,
I see him as a nice fishy--
Don't eat my Celestial Spirit!
Besides, he's just the cutest
widdle puppy-wuppy
I've ever seen!
[NATSU] I think you may
need glasses, Lucy.
Uh, something wrong?
Hey. You're gettin' kinda close.
So what do ya think
I look like, huh?
Like the same Natsu
I've always known.
[WENDY gasps]
Hey, you guys!
It's good to see ya!
Oh my gosh! You two
are having a moment!
This is not what it
looks like, I swear!
[HAPPY]
You shoulda seen it, Carla,
we almost got attacked
by this huge dog!
[CARLA]
Fascinating.
[GRAY] My Ice Make magic's
gonna fix you for good!
There.
Well, we should get as far
as the capital at least.
Excellent work.
I never noticed how practical
your magic is. It's nice.
[GRAY] Been a while since
we've visited Crocus, eh?
[ERZA]
Indeed.
[groans]
I'm so bored!
[whines]
Maybe you should try
crackin' open a book.
I hear brains are gonna be
the new brawn pretty soon.
I didn't even know
that you could read!
That is just a big picture
book about cats, right?
I'm furtherin' my
education over here, man!
[sighs]
I wonder what my Gray is doing.
Open wide.
You spoil me, Lucy.
Do you mind scrubbing
my back for me, Gray?
I'll even scrub your front!
[GRAY chuckles]
Will you tell me
a bedtime story?
I'd be happy to, sweetie.
[GAJEEL]
Shut up!
[LEVY]
Hey, Gajeel.
Yeah?
Wanna go on a job?
It's kind of a long
journey, but it pays!
Then you'd better
bring a real man!
We're supposed to clean
the storeroom today.
Oooh! I want a souvenir!
Let me come with you!
Ah, this'll be the
perfect opportunity
to make my ice-cold hunk
melt with jealousy!
You're such a stud.
And your cold, rock-like
chest is just so dreamy.
Yeah. That's 'cause
it's iron, babe.
It's like snuggling a
real life teddy bear.
I know. Just watch
out for the claws.
Levy, my dear, you are
such a precious little thing.
Juvia. Please hold me.
[cries]
I just can't do it.
[TOMA]
The Dragon's Tomb.
Deep below the
Domus Flau coliseum.
I recall that some of you
stumbled across it
during the Grand Magic
Games years ago.
A sacred and frightening place,
where those brave dragons
who had fought in the war
against Acnologia
and lost their lives
now lay in eternal slumber.
My ancestors investigated
it many times.
They chose to erect the coliseum
on the mountain above it
to commemorate the sacrifice.
One hundred years ago,
a particular staff was
discovered in the deepest depths
of the Dragons' Tomb.
Oh, yeah?
Ya think an old grandpa dragon
used it as a cane or somethin'?
Well, more than likely,
it belonged to a person.
Over the years,
this staff had absorbed
the residual sorrow and anger
that lingered in the tomb.
So much so in fact, that it
took on a new crystalline form.
This staff is known
as the "Dragon Cry,"
and it holds enough magic power
to eradicate an
entire continent.
Several days ago, the staff was
taken by force by Zash Caine,
the former Minister of State
of our fair kingdom.
Zash is a wicked man,
a follower of the dark arts.
He once even attempted to
overthrow me and my family.
But before he could be
made to stand trial,
his band of mercenaries
helped him to escape Fiore.
To make things worse,
once the Kingdom of Stella
had granted him asylum,
he slaughtered all his men.
This brutal act was to signal
his newfound devotion to Stella.
Seriously? He killed
his own guys?
[TOMA]
And what's more,
after unleashing a campaign
of violence and blackmail,
he managed to rise up
in that kingdom as well.
[CARLA]
What a perfectly horrible man.
And now, I'm afraid
this scoundrel
controls the destructive
power of the Dragon Cry.
I need you to take it before
he can cause more mayhem.
[ERZA]
We shall.
[HAPPY] Hey, do you know
where the Stella Kingdom is?
Uh, I think it's
somewhere off Ishgar.
An island completely
surrounded by cliffs
and almost entirely cut off
from the outside world.
Ugh. An island?
That means we're gonna
have to take a boat.
[ERZA] Stella's economy
is largely based
on the export of Stellanium,
one of the hardest
minerals in the world.
They say the more
starlight it absorbs,
the more brilliantly it glows.
[GRAY]
Sounds cool.
[LUCY]
Sounds romantic to me!
[CARLA]
Speaking of romance,
I've heard the night skies there
are absolutely breathtaking.
[WENDY] It sounds like
a wonderful place to me!
[HAPPY] I just hope their fish
is yummy in my tummy!
[NATSU] Ugh. I just hope
we get there soon.
[CROWD cheering]
[giggles]
[applause]
And once again,
there goes my dignity.
Don't worry about it, Lucy.
You look great up there.
From what I've gathered,
Zash keeps all of his
stolen goods locked away
inside a tower.
He unlocks it using a
special ring he wears,
but let's not forget he is
a high-ranking official.
Taking the ring by force could
spark an international conflict.
That's why we've come
to his favorite bar
to steal it from
right off his finger.
Just keep him distracted.
Lucy, that's where you come in.
Okay.
Now it's time to
get this started.
[CROWD cheering]
Yeah! Come on! Shake it!
[giggles]
Gemini.
[ZASH]
Ooh... Oh!
[giggles]
[ZASH chuckles]
[CROWD cheering]
One copy, please.
One copy comin' right up, ma'am.
Thank you, sir.
[GRAY]
All right, now it's your turn.
We'll get this over to
Wendy and Natsu A.S.A.P.
A special delivery!
Ready, Carla?
Thanks, you guys!
[PANTHERLILY]
Hmm...
[GAJEEL]
Lilly. What's up?
It's nothing.
I just I thought I saw
Happy and Carla
flying down the
street over there.
I hope they're not takin'
the same job we're on.
Natsu. Are you trying to hide?
[NATSU]
Ninja!
You cannot see me,
for I am shadow.
[CARLA]
I can see both of you, in fact.
[WENDY chuckles]
I told you that this plan
wouldn't work, Natsu.
[NATSU grumbles]
[CARLA]
Stop playing and hurry!
[HAPPY]
We gotta be sneaky, though.
[CARLA]
What about the guards?
[NATSU]
I'll take care of 'em.
[CARLA]
Come on!
[WENDY]
Sorry!
[HAPPY]
And we're in!
We gotta find it, quick!
[WENDY]
Right!
Where're you going?
I can sense a ton of magic
power behind that door!
That's it.
That's the Dragon Cry.
[gasps]
[WENDY]
Are you okay?
[CARLA]
What's happening?
[WENDY]
It's a trap!
The staff was rigged to
activate a magic circle!
Aw, man! We should go!
You're right!
[CAPTAIN A]
Enemy spottted!
[GUARD D]
They broke into the vault!
Don't let them get away!
[CAPTAIN A]
Take your combat positions!
Magic Auto-Cannons! Aim!
Fire!
Grab your rifles!
Fire when ready!
[ALL yelping]
Uh. I think that you might
have the wrong idea, sir.
Oh, I've got all kinds of ideas.
Uh, I mean, I'm just
not that kind of girl.
Well, what kinda
girl are ya? Hm?
Maybe you're the kind that
wants to be my girl? Huh?
[GRAY]
Excuse me.
[ZASH]
Huh?
But I'm afraid that I'm gonna
have to ask you nicely
to leave our dancer alone.
[ZASH growls]
I-I'm sorry, sir!
It's the staff!
Some wizards broke into
the vault and stole it!
[grunts]
[GRAY] I knew we shouldn't
have let that idiot
handle the hard part of the job!
[ZASH]
Who the hell are you?
I'm the guy tellin' ya
there's no smoking backstage.
[GUARDS groan]
Okay. It's time to move.
Let's go!
There's no doubt they've
come from Fiore.
[GUARDS shouting]
I bet a fireball would get
rid of these guys real fast!
Please don't, Natsu!
Those guards are
not our enemies,
they're just doing their jobs!
[yelps]
No, Wendy!
Well, they just made
an enemy outta me!
No one hurts my friends!
Hey, Wendy! Hang on to this!
Got it!
[yells]
You're gonna pay!
[GUARDS screaming]
Wendy! Are you hurt, child?
No, I'm fine! it's nothing!
But something's
weird about this.
[HAPPY]
Above us!
[screams]
What? No!
[CARLA]
Happy!
[HAPPY]
Aye!
[ERZA]
Wendy! Toss it to me!
[WENDY]
Here ya go!
[GUARDS scream]
Gray!
Yeah!
Sorry, fellas!
[GUARDS yelping]
Oh, crap!
[GRAY]
Lucy!
Open. Gate of the Scorpion!
Scorpio!
Wicked! How 'bout
a Sand Buster?
Ah, yes!
Hey, Lucy! Look out!
[SCORPIO screams]
Scorpio!
[ZASH] So you're the kind of
girl who steals things? Hmm?
You were just getting close
so you could take my ring
to get inside of
my personal vault.
Trying to fight back would be
a very unfortunate decision.
Do you know why this
kingdom put me in charge
of their national defense?
Take a guess.
From the moment
I first came here,
I showed them I was both
powerful and ruthless.
Natsu!
[LUCY]
I'm coming!
The people here are creepy.
I'll teach them to glare at me!
Hold on!
You can't do anything
to hurt them,
they're just regular folks!
Huh?
[LUCY]
Zash is controlling them!
Well that's a jerk move!
[ZASH] You should give back
what you stole from me!
It was never yours
to begin with!
That stupid little king never
realized its true potential,
but I do.
Hang on tight, Lucy!
We're leavin'!
[PEOPLE scream]
[LUCY squealing]
How unfortunate for them.
They've angered the most
powerful man in the kingdom.
[ANIMUS] You have made quite
a mess of things, Zash.
[ZASH] It'll all be cleaned
up soon, Your Majesty.
Once Sonya locates the thieves,
I will make them return
what they've stolen.
[chokes]
Don't forget Sonya
is mine as well.
I will not have her harmed
by your ineptitude.
Am I making myself clear?
Although, our time is starting
to grow dangerously short.
We may be forced to make
use of Sonya's gift.
Take the Three Stars with you.
[ZASH]
Yes, Lord.
[ANIMUS]
If you must utilize her power,
she will need far
more protection
than you alone can provide.
Her safety in this
mission is paramount.
Lady Sonya.
You startled me, King Animus.
Once again, you've entered my
chamber without making a sound.
Have you forgotten
that I am a wizard?
The kingdom is in great peril.
And our only hope rests
within the Dragon Cry.
[ERZA] Now that we've
acquired the staff,
we face the challenge
of returning it to Fiore.
[GRAY] And thanks to pinky here,
our cover's been blown.
Way to go, man!
How in the heck was
I supposed to know
that the stupid thing
was booby trapped?
It's all my fault
for not noticing it.
I'm sorry.
[LUCY]
It's interesting.
Hard to believe this
staff has the power
to destroy an entire country.
[HAPPY]
I wanna hold it for a second!
Huh. It just kinda seems like
a regular ol' cane to me.
Stop playing with it.
But earlier you had
sensed its power.
Huh? Yeah.
Agh! Who knows?
I don't get any of it!
Whether we feel it or not,
I don't think the king was lying
about what it's capable of.
Which means we must
be extremely careful.
Let me guess,
you guys aren't from around
Stella island, are ya?
Good guess.
And that guy's part
of your group, right?
Oh, yeah. Baby,
I got a metal...
[EMPLOYEE A]
Please get off the stage, sir!
[LEVY]
Uh?
[PANTHERLILY]
Ugh. What is it now?
My Graydar is starting to pick
up an extremely strong signal,
so he can't be far.
Is something the matter?
You shivered.
[GRAY] I'm fine.
Just had a little chill.
Rather unusual
for an ice wizard.
Prob'ly 'cause
you're half-naked.
What?! When'd that happen?
Stella is at a higher elevation
than what we're used to.
It stands to reason
it'd be chillier.
The air is so nice
and brisk out here!
Watch your noses,
'cause I just tooted.
[CARLA grunts]
I can totally understand
why this place
is sometimes called
the "Island of Stars."
The skies are beautiful.
Yeah?
You liar.
Just try to imagine it
without the clouds, Natsu.
As a celestial wizard, I would
really love to experience
all of the glittering stars
in the sky here sometime.
Shh!
Someone's here.
Who is it?
Could they have followed us?
Maybe. Be on guard.
[gasps]
Behold a true vision of beauty!
I am poetry in motion!
No way. They're Stellanium!
Playtime is over now.
Françoise, Catelyn!
That's it! Keep going.
Don't stop!
All right, jerks!
[laughs]
Man, you're slow.
[gasps]
I'm runnin' and gunnin'
[yells]
[DOLL]
Excellent, my dears!
We don't play around.
[LUCY screams]
I'll sweep you off your feet!
I'm taking back what's mine!
No way!
[NATSU]
What the--?
[growls]
Whoa.
Wait! Natsu, stop! Please!
What's your deal, man?
Oh, no!
[WENDY, HAPPY scream]
[GAPRI] You fairies
totally dropped the ball.
[ERZA gasps]
[chuckles]
You've done very well,
Three Stars. Now kill them.
No. Please, let them live.
We came here to take
back the Dragon Cry.
It's just not right.
We came to punish them.
They must pay the price
for their crimes
against the kingdom.
If we granted them mercy,
people would think that
we're soft on our enemies.
The cries of their souls...
I can't handle hearing
more pain and anguish.
Hey, King Animus is gonna be mad
if you make Lady
Sonya upset again.
Yes, he will.
Françoise, Catelyn,
our work is over now.
Then send these criminals
to the Bird's Nest!
[GUARDS]
Sir!
[ZASH] But put this
girl with the others.
Now I remember!
I let all of this happen.
I gotta make things right!
I'm sorry, guys!
Lucy's not here!
Where did they take her?
And why is she the only
one that's missing?
This is bad.
Where could she be?
Look.
She's with Zash.
He took her somewhere.
I'll find you, Lucy. I swear.
Sonya.
[SONYA gasps]
Yes, King Animus?
Where is the staff?
Sir Zash still has it.
He insists on holding onto it
until the ceremony tomorrow.
He should have brought
it to me immediately!
[grunts]
What's wrong?
There's not much time.
I need the Dragon Cry in my
hands. Bring it to me at once!
[LUCY]
What?
Wait. Where am I? In jail?
Those girls.
Looks like we got a new one.
She has no idea.
[gasps]
I'm sorry.
But this place is a living hell.
What happened?
Did somebody hurt you?
Hold on. What do you want?
[ZASH]
Come with me.
[LUCY]
Yes, sir.
[ZASH]
Stand over there.
[LUCY]
Yes, sir.
[ZASH]
Raise your arms.
Yes, sir.
[ZASH] Tell me. What do you
think I want with you girls?
Just a little blood each day.
It'll surely leave a few scars,
but you won't die.
Practicing the
dark arts requires
that blood sacrifices
be given daily.
The screams make it
more enjoyable.
Yes, sir.
[gasps]
I need the staff!
[NATSU]
Let Lucy go!
Natsu!
Is he a Dragon Slayer?
[yells]
You all right?
Hurry it up, man!
There's a bunch of
soldiers here now!
We're not good at
being inconspicuous.
[ZASH]
What?
How did you break out
of the Bird's Nest?
And how did you
find us in here?
[NATSU]
I followed my nose!
I know what every one of
my friends smells like!
You're being creepy, ya know?
You'll smell like burning flesh!
No! Please don't do it,
Sir Zash! You'll kill us!
All who defy me
will vanish forever!
Full-party protection spell!
Is everybody okay?
Yeah.
That was scary.
Thanks so much for coming
to rescue me, you guys.
No thanks to Natsu for
gettin' us into this mess.
[NATSU grumbles]
Do you know who this woman is?
Whoa! Where'd she come from?
Who are you?
Uh. My name is Lady--
[ZASH] You can't hide
from me, you scum!
[SONYA] I know a way
out of here. Follow me!
But we gotta get the staff back!
I think that we should
retreat for now.
We don't have the best
track record against him.
We'll have to figure
something out.
This way.
Can you sense where
people are or something?
That's my magical ability.
I'm guessing they used your
powers to track us down.
[SONYA] You should be safe
here. At least for a while.
Thanks, Lady!
[CARLA] You never told
us what your name is.
I am Lady Sonya, and I'm
an advisor to King Animus.
[GRAY] Oh, yeah? So why'd
you help us escape?
[ERZA] You must have
some sort of reason.
Yes, because I can't sit back
while my people
suffer any longer.
[SONYA] King Animus and I
have known each other
for as long as I can remember.
He was once a kindhearted man.
Until the day he became obsessed
with getting his hands
on the Dragon Cry.
Sir Zash told him about
the power that it holds.
I even helped steal it.
Trying to convince myself it
was for the good of the kingdom.
How did you think it would help?
Do you happen to know
anything about Stellanium?
It's Stella's special
mineral, isn't it?
[SONYA] The more starlight
that the crystals absorb,
the more lustrous, and therefore
more valuable they become.
But for the last few years, the
Stellanium has been crying out.
It seems that a great deal of it
has absorbed too much starlight.
Our kingdom now faces the threat
of having all that light
released at once.
I don't get it.
Is that dangerous?
[SONYA] When Stellanium absorbs
a certain amount of starlight,
it gains magic power.
If all that built-up energy
were to suddenly be unleashed,
Stella could be wiped out
in one brilliant flash.
[SONYA] In order to
prevent our destruction,
we desperately need the
power of the Dragon Cry.
According to the legends,
the Dragon Cry is capable
of extinguishing all light.
There's a ceremony.
The king plans to
perform it tomorrow night
in a temple in the
northwest part of the city.
Wouldn't that make
your kingdom suffer?
But it's also the only way
that it can be saved.
Though it may mean we lose
every Stellanium crystal.
Do you undertand?
That's why we need the Dragon
Cry! We'll die without it!
It belongs to our kingdom,
and our mission is to
ensure its safe return.
[SONYA] That may be true,
but right now,
the power it holds is the only
hope for the future of Stella.
You're dead wrong
about that, lady!
The moment I touched it,
I could feel it.
The dragons' anger.
Their suffering.
We can't let that kind
of power be released.
But our kingdom
will be destroyed.
Don't you have a heart?
[NATSU]
Of course I do!
[gasps]
And I'm willing to destroy
all the Stellanium
on this island for you,
but ya gotta give us the staff!
No, I can't do it. I'm so sorry.
[thud]
[ZASH choking]
I thought I made it
clear that Sonya
was not to be put
in harm's way.
And yet, in your
mindless impulsivity,
you dared to use the
staff in her presence!
[ZASH] Please.
Forgive me, Your Majesty!
It was a lapse of judgment!
[ZASH coughs]
[ANIMUS] The ceremony's to
be held tomorrow night.
Surely they will be there.
See that they don't survive.
Do you understand me?
[ZASH] They won't live
to see the morning,
and neither will you.
[WENDY]
This forest is beautiful!
That fruit is so sweet,
it's glowing.
They're not for us to eat!
We'll set up camp
here for the night.
I just hope they
don't find us again.
Then we gotta sleep in shifts.
Yeah. That's a good idea.
I can go first!
Already?!
[ERZA]
So if I understand correctly,
they plan on using
the Dragon Cry
to extinguish all
of the Stellanium.
But how do they know if
that's even possible?
[GRAY]
Let's say it does work.
Then the whole country
just goes bankrupt?
Well, no matter what,
we cannot allow them to use
the staff's magic power.
[GRAY]
Right.
She'd said there'd be a
ceremony tomorrow night.
We only have till
then to get it back.
[HAPPY]
I'll help ya steal it, Lucy.
I thought I told you we
weren't to eat the fruit!
What's goin' on, Lucy?
Are ya havin' trouble sleepin'?
It's not that.
It's just my turn at guard duty.
[NATSU] Seems like you
were spacin' out to me.
[LUCY sighs]
No, I--
I was thinking about
why we were sent here.
If we fulfill our mission, this
whole island could be destroyed.
[NATSU]
You should come up here.
[LUCY] No, thanks.
Besides, I'm in a skirt.
[NATSU]
Who cares? Climb on up!
Jeez. You are so pushy!
Wait! I'm not a monkey, ya know?
[NATSU]
Here. Take my hand.
[LUCY] Wow! I've never
seen anything like it.
It's beautiful!
You said you wanted
to see the stars.
Right?
Chances like this are why you
have to keep your chin up!
You're right!
Hey, Lily. What's the deal
with all of these soldiers?
I wonder what's going on.
And my Graydar is still
going into overdrive.
Hey! Ya see that emblem?
[GUARD Q] There they are, men!
There goes Fairy Tail!
[PANTHERLILY]
What?
[GAJEEL] I dunno. We literally
haven't done anything.
Careful.
I don't think they're
coming to welcome us.
Oh, well.
Capture them!
'Cause if they've come
lookin' for a fight...
...then we'll give' em one!
I know my darling is near!
There's some sort of
commotion ahead of us!
I'll check it out!
Please be careful, Gray!
[NATSU] Oh, here comes
the welcome wagon!
[GUARDS yelling]
Head to the temple!
I'll handle the guards!
Yeah, okay!
Keep goin'!
Aye-aye, Sir!
Oh my god!
Why are you that color?!
[HAPPY]
Huh?
Whoa! It must be 'cause of
that fruit I ate last night!
[yells]
[GUARDS scream]
[SWAN] I've been expecting you,
red-haired swordswoman.
It's the leg fighter.
You're wrong!
The lovely leg wizard!
[SWAN laughing]
[gasps]
My love!
What the--?! Why are you here?!
My Graydar has been
driving me crazy!
I was sure that you
must be around!
So did you find me using
your Juviadar, my icy hunk?
Hell no!
Françoise. Catelyn.
Playtime's over.
Have you and this muscular man
been playing with dollies?
No. I'll explain it all later.
Just give me a hand.
Right!
So slow.
[HAPPY yelps]
We can take care of this guy.
Run along ahead!
You're gonna fight?
[giggles]
Well, I am stronger than you.
[screams]
He's all yours, girls.
Have at 'em!
[HAPPY]
I'm a fighter too.
You won't get past me!
What?
Hey. Not bad.
Sorry, Natsu, but I gotta
go rescue those girls
that're still trapped
in the dungeon!
You gonna be okay alone?
Yeah, 'cause I'm never alone.
I've always got my
spirits with me!
Happy! It's up to us
to stop this thing!
Aye, sir!
[NATSU] The moment I touched it,
I could feel it.
The dragons' anger.
Their suffering.
We can't let that kind
of power be released.
[gasps]
[ANIMUS]
Sonya.
[gasps]
[SONYA]
Your Majesty.
[ANIMUS] I need you to give me
the Dragon Cry this instant.
[SONYA] But if we use the staff,
more people will suffer.
I cannot let you have it!
[LUCY] All right!
Now's your chance to escape!
You gotta leave
before he comes back!
Thank you for saving us.
Hurry!
Where's the Dragon Cry?
[PRISONER E]
Let's get out of here!
[PRISONERS scream]
[ZASH] What in the
hell is going on here?
Just keep running, everyone!
I will kill you this time!
Open. Gate of the Sea-Goat!
Come, Capricorn!
It's a goat? Are you
trying to mock me?
[LUCY]
Mwah!
[ZASH]
Hm?
It's kinda pathetic.
Your spell doesn't work
if our eyes are covered.
Impressive, Lady Lucy.
Magnificently done yet again.
He's down, so you
should get moving!
I'd be more than happy to help
you ladies make your escape.
[growls]
I don't have the
time to be dealing
with your little revolution.
Red Knife! Come on!
Unfortunate.
Where could he be going?
I'll follow him.
[laughs]
[chuckles]
[gasps]
What?
[yells]
Now, Françoise. Now, Catelyn.
[growls]
[DOLL]
I can't be stopped by mere ice!
What in the hell?
This is his city!
[JUVIA gasps]
Look out!
[JUVIA screams]
Juvia!
[GIRL A gasps]
Oh, no! Lady!
Another masterful job,
Catelyn. I'm proud.
[growls]
[laughing]
[WENDY, CARLA scream]
Keep on tryin', girls.
You cast a speed
enchantment spell
and we still can't keep up.
He's just way too fast.
[WENDY]
Roar!
[laughing]
It's almost over. 'Bout to
hear the final buzzer!
I have an idea of how
we can beat this one!
[GAPRI]
Get ready for sudden death!
Oh, no! He's catching up to us!
You and I must stay
in tune, understand?
Yeah.
[CARLA]
One.
[WENDY]
Two.
[yells]
Three!
[CARLA, WENDY yell]
[GAPRI]
Hold on! Time out!
[BOTH]
And go!
Impossible!
Their heat should've melted
you away completely.
How are you still alive?
My ice is made for
slaying demons,
so it can take a lotta heat.
And lucky for me, your little
playthings seem to be cursed.
[growls]
You have the audacity to
ridicule my precious daughters?
Show him what you can do!
Gray. Who're those girls?
[BOTH laughing]
No. He's mine!
Gray, my darling! I'll save you!
With a Raging River of Love!
Good work!
Françoise! Catelyn!
[yells]
Juvia! You okay?
Yes! I'm just...
...fine...
...dear.
[JUVIA gasping]
[screams]
[GRAY]
Hm?
[SWAN]
Grand Fouetté!
[chuckles]
[gasps]
But how? There was no time.
I took a little bit of
inspiration from your footwork.
I thought that I might
give it a try as well.
You can try!
But you lack my finesse!
What? Beautiful.
But I don't understand.
My lovely kicks should
leave you mesmerized!
[ERZA]
While your kicks are lovely,
something's lacking
in your execution!
The seven stars will
judge you more harshly!
Grand Chariot!
[ANIMUS] What're you
trying to prove, Sonya?
Hand over the Dragon Cry
before I lose my patience.
[SONYA]
I can't.
[NATSU]
Okay, give it up!
[HAPPY]
Right now!
[gasps]
[HAPPY]
Sonya?
[SONYA gasping]
[SONYA]
Where did his Majesty go?
What're you doing
with the Dragon Cry?
[SONYA]
But King Animus was just here.
[NATSU]
I'll take it from ya!
No, I can't-- I--
You must not let
them take the staff!
[ANIMUS (SONYA)]
Sonya. There's not much time.
I need the Dragon Cry in my
hands. Bring it to me at once!
I thought I made it
clear that Sonya...
...in your mindless
impulsivity, you dared...
The ceremony's to be
held tomorrow night.
Surely they will be there.
See that they don't survive.
Do you understand me?
[SONYA gasps]
Your Majesty, are we the same?
I would've thought you'd realize
it much sooner than this.
You're me.
It's time you face the truth.
That you and I are
one and the same.
Sonya, no!
[NATSU, HAPPY scream]
Wait, just who are you really?
[laughs]
If you must know, I'm Animus.
And I am the Dragon Soul...
...that lives within Sonya.
You're a dragon?
[laughing]
Now tell us what
you're planning.
I'm guessin' you're not
actually gonna use the staff
to stop the Stellanium
from blowin' up, are ya?
[ANIMUS chuckles]
[ANIMUS]
Poor Sonya.
To think she believed
such nonsense.
How incredibly naive.
All this time, my goal has
been to finally free myself
from this pathetic human body
and live as I was intended!
Igneel was able to pull
it off, so why can't you?
You know him? The fearsome
king of the fire dragons?
Igneel had the
luxury of entering
the most compatible
type of human.
He was allowed to choose
a Dragon Slayer.
I, however, did not
have the time
to carefully choose my vessel.
I had to pick the nearest
living human at the time,
Sonya, who lay on the
ground gravely wounded.
Because of this,
I've never been able to
leave her of my own will.
But the Dragon Cry staff
changes everything!
For its true purpose is to
amplify a dragon's power!
Freedom will be mine at last!
[NATSU]
No way in hell!
It's you. You're the
one that Igneel chose?
Natsu! Take it!
Sonya?
[SONYA]
Before it's too late!
[ANIMUS]
Stop this! Sonya!
[SONYA gasps]
Natsu!
The Dragon Cry's power
will be mine to wield!
Whoa! Big dog!
[SONYA]
Sir Zash.
Animus-- Or wait, is it
Sonya that's speaking?
As the ruler of this kingdom,
you gave me orders,
and as Sonya,
you followed my orders.
To be quite honest,
I've grown rather weary of your
bothersome identity crisis.
[SONYA] I don't understand what
you plan to do with the staff.
I'm going to get my revenge
on the Fiore Kingdom!
The Dragon Cry is a highly
condensed form of ether-nano.
Once it's been released,
it will rain down more
destructive magic power
than a dozen Etherion blasts!
And as punishment for expelling
me from my homeland,
I'm going to wipe Fiore
off the map forever!
I'll show them the dark arts!
Now, Red Knife. These scraps of
flesh are yours to feast upon.
[ZASH laughing]
[HAPPY]
Stop!
[HAPPY yelps]
I'm not gonna let you
gobble 'em up like dog food.
You don't wanna mess
with Red Happy, 'kay?
You're gonna regret it,
ya hear me?
[roars]
[screams]
Whoa! That was
incredible, Happy!
Yeah. Thanks, Lucy.
You okay?
You'll die for
betraying me, Zash!
Sonya!
Wait a sec, what's happening?
[yells]
[ANIMUS]
All of you will die!
A dragon?
Look after Happy
and Sonya, Lucy.
[ZASH]
Hm?
Greetings, Your Majesty!
It seems your current form
lacks the appreciation
for our royal architecture.
[ANIMUS] Hand over
the Dragon Cry at once!
[ZASH] You wanted this
transformation, did you not?
Your goal has already
been achieved.
[ANIMUS]
That's not true!
What I desire is the ultimate
freedom to do as I please!
Then allow me to
grant you that freedom.
How very fortunate
to have my help!
[roars]
You're free to rampage
as much as you want!
It's all up to you!
[NATSU yelling]
Huh?
[gasps]
These meddlesome fairies are
hellbent on getting in my way.
I knew this would
someday come to pass.
Therefore it's time to
unveil my secret weapons.
Come forth, Quartum Soldiers!
[gasps]
Well, this isn't
lookin' too good.
We're surrounded.
Yeah! There must be
hundreds of 'em!
Look out!
They're really strong, too!
[ZASH]
Quartum Soldiers!
Keep the fairies occupied
until they die!
[laughing]
[LUCY]
Those are scary.
They're Quartum Soldiers.
Zash's fourth generation
Dragon Slayers.
What? Fourth generation?
He created an entire
army of soldiers
using Dragon Slayer lacrimas.
[LUCY]
Open. Gate of the Archer!
Come forth, Sagittarius!
[SAGITTARIUS]
Howdy do!
[LUCY]
Let's blow these creeps away!
[SAGITTARIUS]
We can do it in a jiffy, missy!
[yells]
[NATSU]
He's got it up there.
[ANIMUS roars]
I beseech thee, Dragon Cry!
Unleash your divine
power onto this world!
Those magic circles,
what are they?
Must be the Dragon Cry.
Hisui! We must evacuate everyone
in Crocus immediately!
We have to hurry!
All of the dragons'
fury and hatred,
it's about to rain
down upon the city!
What's happening up there?
I think we're too late!
[ZASH]
The time is upon us!
O long departed dragons,
transform your anger into
weapons of almighty destruction!
Get away from me!
[NATSU screaming]
Thanks, buddy!
Sure beats climbin'
those stairs, huh?
Damn right!
[HAPPY]
Aye, Sir!
[ZASH laughing]
I can feel it!
The entire continent is
covered by a magic circle!
Now you die, Fiore!
Huh?
The staff. No. It can't be!
[gasps]
[screaming]
What is all that?
I think it's the Dragon Cry!
And it's going totally
nutso for some reason!
We're gonna have to stop it!
[NATSU yelps]
[ANIMUS]
The staff is mine, human!
You shall not touch it!
Is that so?
[screams]
Happy!
[NATSU screams]
[yelling]
[ANIMUS] So, you truly
are a Dragon Slayer!
[NATSU]
And what's it to you?
[ANIMUS]
Because of vermin like you,
our mighty race of
dragons fell from power!
You stole our freedom!
You deserve punishment!
And now you shall feel the raw
ferocity of a dragon's fury!
[yelling]
[yells]
[LUCY gasps]
[gasps]
Natsu!
[ANIMUS]
Dragon Cry!
Let every dragon's
anger flow through me
to destroy this world!
[ANIMUS] The war between dragons
and our vile Slayers ends now.
The era of dragons
is here again!
We shall reign supreme!
[ANIMUS laughing]
[SONYA]
Please stop this, Your Majesty!
[ANIMUS]
Out of my way!
[SONYA]
No, I will not move!
You've done more
than enough harm
to the good people of Stella!
Their souls are longing
to cry out in joy.
They're yearning to shine
as brightly as the stars
that illuminate the night sky.
Your Majesty.
Your soul used to shine,
but it fell to darkness
and you're trapped
inside that chasm.
You were once so kindhearted,
but that's all in the past.
Natsu!
[HAPPY cries]
[HAPPY]
This is horrible.
Come on! Wake up!
Natsu!
You gotta get up, Natsu! For me.
Please.
--Natsu!
--You're alive!
[ANIMUS] The one who lived
only to kill dragons
has returned only to die
by a dragon's talons.
[roars]
[NATSU]
You're wrong.
I never lived to kill dragons.
I've got a better
reason than that!
For my friends. To protect them.
That's why I'm still alive.
That's why I fight!
And why I'm gonna stop you!
[ANIMUS]
This time you die!
[PEOPLE screaming]
[yelling]
[ANIMUS]
Damn you!
You weak, miserable human.
[ANIMUS]
Huh?
No! You're a dragon?
[screams]
[NATSU snarls]
[ANIMUS] Now I see.
I know who you truly are.
Neither human nor dragon.
You're the destroyer
of all: E.N.--
Who cares?
It doesn't matter
what you call me,
because I'll throw it all away
if it means that I
can save my friends!
If I didn't have
them by my side,
my life wouldn't mean anything!
[yelling]
Natsu.
The magic circles
have disappeared.
You did it, Fairy Tail.
You saved Fiore once again.
There he is!
Natsu.
[NATSU]
Lucy.
Tell me... what do I look like?
Like the Natsu
I've always known.
[ANIMUS]
It feels strange.
I'm starting to
fade away. I'm dying.
Animus.
I'm so grateful for all
that you've done for me.
For your guidance
through the years.
[ANIMUS]
Sweet Sonya.
This is the first time
I've seen your smile.
It's... beautiful.
And the first time
I've seen a dragon cry.
I'll miss you, friend. Farewell.
[HAPPY gasps]
Look! Check out the Dragon Cry!
A ribbon?
I wonder if that coulda been
its original form or somethin'.
Well, now it's flown away.
See ya!
[HAPPY chuckles]
[SONYA]
Lucy.
Animus... He's gone.
Although, in reality, I had
lost him a long time ago.
He disappeared deep
into the darkness
of anger, fear, and deception.
He caused so much pain.
[SONYA]
His people suffered terribly.
Maybe he was always evil.
But for so long I thought of him
as my very own flesh and blood.
He was using me this entire
time. I know that now.
But it made me happy
to never feel alone.
I wish that things would've
been different between us.
That we'd cared for
and supported each
other unconditionally.
I wish that we'd
been truly close.
That we would've
loved like you do.
[NATSU chuckling]
We got lots of love!
We're like a family!
Aye!
We are!
[ALL laugh]
Somebody help. Please save me!
[SONYA screams]
[DRAGON A]
This turned out very nicely.
The little girl wasn't going
to satisfy my appetite.
I am Acnologia,
Slayer of Dragons,
and I've come to this place
to wipe your unclean kind
off the planet once and for all!
[DRAGONS roaring]
I'm sorry that I was
unable to protect you.
But I will exterminate every
dragon that now draws breath.
[ANIMUS]
Acnologia.
No. I'm not ready
to die. Not yet.
The girl. She's still alive.
Please, tell me your name.
Do so, and perhaps we can
survive... together, as one.
Sonya.
What nonsense.
There goes Acnologia himself.
One day, we will destroy him.
The battle is upon us,
Natsu. Ready?